Hi, guys.
Walker, in this lecture, we're going to finish the others.
Okay, not to do this, we're gonna need to go back to the code.
Okay.
Now, the first step we're gonna need to take is we're going to create a Phi and regular created Phi
in this provider directory.
Okay.
So over this provider directory, we're going to create a new PHI, and we're going to call this PHI
order.
You can call this order provider, but since we are already in the provider directory, definitely we
know this is a provider phi.
Okay.
So we can just go ahead and say Dot, dot.
Now over here, what we are simply doing as we are fetching the products data.
Right.
Okay.
So now we want to fetch the orders data.
Right.
So definitely is going to be similar with this.
So what we can simply do is we can just copy everything we have over here.
We can just copy from here.
Okay.
Is contra and C and then.
Order!
Okay.
We need to go to the orders.
The doubt.
And you're going to need to pace this.
Okay.
And definitely we're going to have some errors.
So what we're going to do is instead of this production model, this is going to be the order model,
right?
Order attributes.
Okay.
And we need to import this.
Right.
In parts.
And is it a paradox?
This is going to be ordered, right?
Or whatever you call it, your collection.
Let's call we called orders.
Okay.
Orders.
Right.
I think we also need to import this.
Okay.
Now instead of this.
This is just to get rid of this.
Right.
And this is going to be the order.
How true.
But.
Okay.
Great.
And I'll bring this to see what we're missing.
And I think.
Okay.
Over.
Great.
Okay.
Now, one more thing, as I think we are also missing this and the paradox.
We are missing this away.
Now, if you've forgotten what this doors you can't is it just go back to the lecture because definitely
you're going to forget that you're going to forget most of the teens, but most of the time you have
to try to go back to me.
It's okay.
So we need to copy this and.
We can just paste this after you.
Okay.
This is going to be the it's going to call.
You can also take it to the Dow.
Any you can take it to the bottom anywhere.
Okay, great.
And we're going to call this.
Orders writes.
And this is going to be others.
No longer products and.
As well over here.
It is going to be harder.
Okay.
And.
This is going to be short orders.
Now, I know you must have forgotten where you can.
Just go back to the lecture to see why we did all this.
Okay.
And we can call.
This gets order.
Orders.
Okay.
I think we also need two parts.
In part, it's from me.
My theory of the death.
Okay, now we're going to fill in all this fields.
So what we can do is we can break it down.
Okay.
This.
And this.
This AK and.
This.
Right.
Okay.
Now, over here, we are going to use this which you have seen before, elements.
And they meant that's where it gets their field.
Make sure the field is the same scene as what you have over here as you're going to get what's in bad
states.
So you can easily just copy what I think it is same as what we have over here.
So what we can do is we can essentially just copy this.
And his.
As well we can men's.
The word dart gets.
And.
Her that.
I'd.
And they meant.
Don't get is going to be words.
The tie to.
And.
And man's.
And the man's dirt gets, there's going to be price.
And we can start to string.
We can make sure we are called Watson.
It's a string and no longer a number.
Okay.
And there's going to be elements.
Dirt gets and there's going to be image.
You are real.
And.
Element.
And the man's and the man gets.
And this is going to be worse.
I'm just going to copy this so I don't make any mistakes, so I don't get busted here.
Okay.
And as well.
And they made.
And the minute that gets and you can also copy this book because most of the time I will I will see.
Or that the author is sort of or the dates.
Okay.
Well, yeah, we are having that.
I think we forgot this as well.
Elements.
That gets so high.
That gets.
This is going to be art or the idea.
And I think we need to create a climate in this country in this.
Okay.
We have an era of like this and see, okay, I think we need an addition.
Okay, great.
So what we are simply doing over here, we are simply running a loop to look over each document we have.
And for now, we just asked Siri documents.
Right.
And I told you, each document is deferred to something known as what's documents, not snapshots.
And all the documents put together is refer to something known as what?
Career snapshots.
So you can see that was why we have to specify the type of variable.
So you can say, okay, so I think we also need to, we never do is to order snapshots and.
Or the snub shark.
Okay.
Just control necessary now.
So all this data, all these documents are referred to as query snapshots, but each document is referred
to as document snapshots.
So since we are running a loop now, we have access towards each document.
So you can see this type of variable where it is words, document, snapshot.
Right.
Okay.
So what I simply saying is all this data, all this document puts, all this document puts together
are known as words, query snapshots.
But each document is known as document snapshots.
So if you have just a document is going to be words, document, snapshot.
And if you are fetching all the documents currently, that's what we are doing.
So it's going to be known as word query snapshot.
But over here we are simply running to look over a document and then gets the use, the holder I.D.,
the user ID, and so hard.
Now, if you've forgotten what this does, you can easily just go back to the lecture where we did all
this in order for you to re understand, because most of the time you're going to forget everything
I know.
So that's all you have towards this lecture.
So times three times to five times, in order for you to grab all the process again and again and enough
for you to be able to code it.
Okay.
This is all right.
This is it for this lecture.
So what we simply did was to fetch the orders from the cloud first.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.